mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered
stylesheet_version: 2024-09-23
set_info:
	title: Port Noon: Occult Islands of Vespera
	description:
		WU: Foretell<soft-line>
		UB: Sacrifice<soft-line>
		BR: Bloodthrist<soft-line>
		RG: Aggro<soft-line>
		GW: Santuaries/Gods<soft-line>
		WB: Angels<soft-line>
		BG: Self Mill<soft-line>
		GU: Cards Drawn<soft-line>
		UR: Evasion<soft-line>
		RW: Exiled
		
		10 more rares?
		
		!designer Kogane</soft-line></soft-line></soft-line></soft-line></soft-line></soft-line></soft-line></soft-line></soft-line>
	copyright: 
	set_code: PTN
	set_language: EN
	symbol: symbol2.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
	use_gradient_multicolor: yes
	default_stamp: none
	custom_watermark_1: Lantern.png,Not found,Ensure the file name is correct in /data/magic-mainframe-extras and reload
	blend_with_colors: yes
	auto_legends: yes
styling:
	magic-custom-game:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-doomtown:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small-doomtown.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-jumpstart-front:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-adventure:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered:
		chop_top: 2
		chop_bottom: 
		frames: 
		font_cap: 12.5
		hybrid_name: hybrid
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered-plus:
		frames: cs
		use_holofoil_stamps: no
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-cultist-simulator:
		grey_hybrid_name: no
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
	magic-m15-godzilla:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-godzilla-planeswalker:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		dfc_type: modal with standard flags
		front_font_cap: 12
		back_font_cap: 12
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc-Sagas:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		frames: clear, M20
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-saga:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-showcase-etched-foil:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-split-fusable:
		frames: 
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-unstable-basics:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-rulestip: mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
include_file: card the horned-axe
include_file: card mother of ants
include_file: card the elegiast
include_file: card the mirror-queen
include_file: card the red grail
include_file: card the witch-and-sister
include_file: card the wolf divided
include_file: card the frangiclave
include_file: card glassgarden prophet
include_file: card dreamway key
include_file: card perfect stillness
include_file: card sensation ascender
include_file: card woods deceiver
include_file: card blazing crescendo
include_file: card lessons of strife
include_file: card maps edge explorer
include_file: card society headquarters
include_file: card sanctuary of enlightenment
include_file: card sanctuary of glory
include_file: card sanctuary of movement
include_file: card sanctuary of openings
include_file: card sanctuary of remembrance
include_file: card sanctuary of reshaping
include_file: card sanctuary of sensation
include_file: card sanctuary of shedding
include_file: card sanctuary of strength
include_file: card sanctuary of time
include_file: card plains
include_file: card plains.1
include_file: card island
include_file: card island.1
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card swamp.1
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card mountain.1
include_file: card forest
include_file: card forest.1
include_file: card burgeoning risen
include_file: card mirrored wolf
include_file: card banisher priest
include_file: card bars across the sun
include_file: card broken sun-servant
include_file: card forge secretkeeper
include_file: card glass guardian
include_file: card iron verdict
include_file: card legacy of tides
include_file: card legacy of coils
include_file: card subverted cyprian
include_file: card nowhere inhabits
include_file: card rite of twins union
include_file: card seas feasting
include_file: card seven-coil shipbreaker
include_file: card carapace shearer
include_file: card dry-soul angel
include_file: card flesh asunder
include_file: card the vitulation
include_file: card stained silver
include_file: card subvert the light
include_file: card subverting insurgent
include_file: card unlucky witness
include_file: card lifes legacy
include_file: card ezeem the second thirstly
include_file: card king crucible
include_file: card moths yearning
include_file: card house of the moon
include_file: card extract secrets
include_file: card ignite fervor
include_file: card lended light
include_file: card unscarred wolf
include_file: card fucine translator
include_file: card forgotten tongues
include_file: card take prisoners
include_file: card ragged suns angel
include_file: card sun-scorched tempering
include_file: card lost seraph
include_file: card misguiding lighthouse
include_file: card angel of the true sun
include_file: card rarefied illuminator
include_file: card sunshard protector
include_file: card paradoxical inquiry
include_file: card rite of crucible soul
include_file: card seven-coil invocation
include_file: card rite of beasts division
include_file: card the lionsmith
include_file: card the knotwingknot
include_file: card the watchman
include_file: card preemptive purge
include_file: card reshaping phoenix
include_file: card acolyte of agony
include_file: card the geminiad
include_file: card discover the stone gods
include_file: card noonstone amulet
include_file: card forged conflagration
include_file: card nowhere razer
include_file: card wildwood containment
include_file: card wolven hatred
include_file: card open the self
include_file: card bringer of glory
include_file: card relic vial
include_file: card ritual daggar
include_file: card nowhere deathlord
include_file: card nowhere dreadsteed
include_file: card scar
include_file: card flames of emnity
include_file: card guided crusader
include_file: card cindered tally
include_file: card escape into the night
include_file: card raw prophet
include_file: card seven-coiled strength
include_file: card ring-yews chosen
include_file: card the allures light
include_file: card the sky the soul
include_file: card roost messengers
include_file: card apostle entheate
include_file: card cat olic priests
include_file: card glassgarden elder
include_file: card glassgarden seer
include_file: card glorious enforcer
include_file: card horomachist sacrifice
include_file: card merciless illumination
include_file: card mystical trail
include_file: card root of mercy
include_file: card seven-coil glider
include_file: card augury raven
include_file: card eyes everywhere
include_file: card maps edge monstrosity
include_file: card moonlit augury
include_file: card dreamway imposter
include_file: card nowhere soul collector
include_file: card nowhere wormhost
include_file: card opener of realities
include_file: card river drowner
include_file: card roost nyctodromist
include_file: card seaside smuggler
include_file: card seven-coils scion
include_file: card silent drowner
include_file: card evening isles skycomber
include_file: card twins guardian
include_file: card veil of dreams
include_file: card white reaper
include_file: card carapace guardian
include_file: card carapace scavenger
include_file: card cyprian haemomancer
include_file: card despairing devotee
include_file: card escape from nowhere
include_file: card gloom sower
include_file: card indulgent cyprian
include_file: card nowhere ascender
include_file: card rite of watchmans sorrow
include_file: card scarring servitude
include_file: card sky-scar angel
include_file: card students of rememberance
include_file: card callidate invocation
include_file: card cyprian sacristan
include_file: card enflamed caligine
include_file: card entry consultant
include_file: card forces of opening
include_file: card ghirbi the gatekeeper
include_file: card ironsmoke caligine
include_file: card malleary novice
include_file: card malleary reforged
include_file: card rite flamecaller
include_file: card smoldering pack
include_file: card traitorous blood
include_file: card carapace crusader
include_file: card carapace disciple
include_file: card carapace threadbearer
include_file: card carapace voyager
include_file: card carapace youngling
include_file: card cartographed risen
include_file: card debilitated tragulari
include_file: card the old forms
include_file: card ordeal of defiance
include_file: card pupil of defiance
include_file: card thyrsine hunter
include_file: card tireless recruiter
include_file: card unceasing initiation
include_file: card way to the wood
include_file: card study the histories
include_file: card seven-coils successor
include_file: card teferis banishment
include_file: card breaching vespera
include_file: card carapace shell-burster
include_file: card lorescale coatl
include_file: card malleary phantasm
include_file: card places of peace
include_file: card roost augur
include_file: card vengeful restorer
include_file: card wound the world
include_file: card covert cloak
include_file: card field of ruin
include_file: card sanctuary of mysteries
include_file: card god horror
include_file: card carapace ancestor
include_file: card musicians remnant
include_file: card ambitions of ascension
include_file: card glassgarden watcheye
include_file: card expose mortality
include_file: card ophidian soul
include_file: card prison of glass
include_file: card the museum of worms
include_file: card legacy of flint
include_file: card malleary augmenter
include_file: card malleary seer
include_file: card malleary smelter
include_file: card opener of glass
include_file: card tattered cyprian
include_file: card drowning cyprian
include_file: card isidra foreign goddess
include_file: card sister of venoms
include_file: card the forge of days
include_file: card the thunderskin
include_file: card dappled wing-clippers
include_file: card ravenous unmaker
include_file: card seven-coil ambusher
include_file: card wolf-splinter
include_file: card woods devourer
include_file: card the sun-in-rags
include_file: card the vagabond
include_file: card thyrsine tracker
include_file: card verse reshape
include_file: card verse aggress
include_file: card ignus rites
include_file: card ascent from snakes
include_file: card rite intercalate
include_file: card foul alteration
include_file: card the moth
include_file: card spirit of defiance
include_file: card true blood of saint janus
include_file: card corrivality
include_file: card the chiliarch
include_file: card the ring-yew
include_file: card high cyprian
include_file: card wandering unmaker
include_file: card flesh weaver
include_file: card dyads dance
include_file: card splinter-blossom
include_file: card buzzings in the world
include_file: card yew colossus
include_file: card territorial yew-maw
include_file: card horomachist ending
include_file: card percussigant
include_file: card cleric
include_file: card foretell
include_file: card angel
include_file: card worm
include_file: card wolf
include_file: card noon delver serpent
include_file: card planar lockdown
include_file: card defacement
include_file: card echoing charger
include_file: card guardian percussigant
include_file: card legacy of amber
include_file: card pulsing vitality
include_file: card verse illuminate
include_file: card devoured messenger
include_file: card evening isles gravemouth
include_file: card legacy of the wheel
include_file: card names of the dead
include_file: card nowhere illuminator
include_file: card painted distorter
include_file: card skins division
include_file: card verse open
include_file: card crowned ghoul
include_file: card the crowned growth
include_file: card cyprian ophiomancer
include_file: card dream whisperer
include_file: card herald of loss
include_file: card implant the seeds
include_file: card monument of rags
include_file: card nowhere stygian
include_file: card skintwist
include_file: card tenacious illuminator
include_file: card throat of remnants
include_file: card verse change
include_file: card carnal thirst
keyword:
	keyword: Induct
	match: induct
	reminder: Create a 0/1 Cleric creature token with “As a sorcery, sacrifice two other Clerics: Transform into a 4/4 God Horror that can’t block.”
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Become Foretold
	match: becom<atom-param>*s</atom-param> foretold
	reminder: {if param1.value == "es" then "Its foretell cost is its mana cost if it isn’t" else "Their foretell costs are their mana costs if they aren’t"} already specified.
	rules:
		 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Scar boon
	match: Sca<atom-param>*s</atom-param>
	reminder: {if param1.value == "rs" then "They’re boons" else "It’s a boon"} with "When a creature you control dies, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card."
	rules: 
	mode: expert
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
