mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered
stylesheet_version: 2024-09-23
set_info:
	title: Akellan Transcendence
	description: !designer Myr
	copyright: Apriken 2024
	set_code: AKT
	set_language: KI
	symbol: symbol2.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
styling:
	magic-m15-altered:
		chop_top: 
		chop_bottom: 
		frames: 
		font_cap: 13.5
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered-plus:
		frames: 
		altered_plus_frames: 
		custom_symbol: MyrCustoms/Ith.png
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-clear-color:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-clearartifact:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-contraption:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-imageupload:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-invocation: overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		dfc_type: modal with custom flags
		shrink_back_typeline_text: 
		other_options: use hovering pt, use holofoil stamps, unindent nonloyalty abilities, auto nyx crowns, automate type frames
		level_5_chop: 0,6,
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		frames: M20
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-promo-dka:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-saga:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-showcase-etched-foil:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-showcase-kaldheim:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-showcase-zendikar:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-tall-tokens:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-vehicles:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
include_file: card heretical urdon
include_file: card heart of prithite
include_file: card put under custody
include_file: card protect the uninjected
include_file: card invoke martial law
include_file: card tarnished subverter
include_file: card old guard guru
include_file: card pensive engine
include_file: card method actor
include_file: card culture industry
include_file: card negate
include_file: card indoctrinate
include_file: card mobile home
include_file: card mind of prithite
include_file: card unbending will
include_file: card wind tunnels
include_file: card malevolent plumber
include_file: card old guard cutthroat
include_file: card sewage surveyor
include_file: card old guard partisan
include_file: card highrise electrician
include_file: card faraway emissary
include_file: card disdainful throng
include_file: card crushing doubt
include_file: card deliver omen
include_file: card absorb umwelt
include_file: card thoughtlichs suggestion
include_file: card cultivate culture
include_file: card claws of prithite
include_file: card highway courier
include_file: card rapid response
include_file: card urdon-thief tollmaster
include_file: card curious qualiaform
include_file: card hazenwyld occultist
include_file: card percithan sentinel
include_file: card semiothaumaturge
include_file: card greivance
include_file: card transmuted newt
include_file: card prithitian jet
include_file: card romp
include_file: card urdonic raze
include_file: card wistful yearning
include_file: card prithitian vigor
include_file: card maw of prithite
include_file: card infuse with identity
include_file: card mortarsire
include_file: card sapient stoneworks
include_file: card tender to old groves
include_file: card hazard technician
include_file: card hazenwyld groundskeeper
include_file: card wanderlusted urdon
include_file: card slumbering farmer
include_file: card scales of prithite
include_file: card partners tax returns
include_file: card thoughtglass whip
include_file: card survey new lands
include_file: card pound into splinters
include_file: card propaganda spreading
include_file: card stellar officer
include_file: card heterodox scholar
include_file: card injector evangel
include_file: card parasite socialite
include_file: card ithian plague doctor
include_file: card property surveyor
include_file: card campaign strategist
include_file: card democratic horde
include_file: card hardened veteran
include_file: card urdonic messenger
include_file: card gatrix terroriser
include_file: card ithian marketeer
include_file: card eaveshopper
include_file: card diaspora recruiters
include_file: card erysium injection
include_file: card arbor battery
include_file: card signal officer
include_file: card orthodox scholar
include_file: card devotee of the god-worm
include_file: card liberated dragon
include_file: card mourning ithian
include_file: card mens rea
include_file: card colossal effort
include_file: card urdonic subjugation
include_file: card thirst for identity
include_file: card bleak philosophy
include_file: card leap
include_file: card drink heresy
include_file: card gift of erysium
include_file: card extract erysium
include_file: card gigants wrath
include_file: card denizen of new akella
include_file: card rioting ruins
include_file: card closed community
include_file: card vial of erysium
include_file: card culture collector
include_file: card callous dismissor
include_file: card lethal force
include_file: card hazenwyld beastmaster
include_file: card whispering tutor
include_file: card registration office
include_file: card disfigured fur merchant
include_file: card ryyr grand accommodator
include_file: card sarajex rescuer
include_file: card spokesman of the mothweft
include_file: card deradicalised revenant
include_file: card callwolf chanter
include_file: card hyethian protége
include_file: card scathing critique
include_file: card godtouched enforcer
include_file: card sewer consultant
include_file: card altar of euthanasia
include_file: card feral communion
include_file: card overworked conditions
include_file: card regeneration programme
include_file: card zeitgeists judgment
include_file: card northern tactics
include_file: card twinbirth
include_file: card vrataport mural
include_file: card consult the cosmos
include_file: card grand breakthrough
include_file: card atir heart of the argent court
include_file: card gatrix nursery of the artificial
include_file: card hazenwyld callwolf citadel
include_file: card hyeth ithian imperial academy
include_file: card ith entrance to the heavens
include_file: card arkaiixajapratakgxrajatajex
include_file: card disregard universal workhouse
include_file: card odajex omnisonders source
include_file: card phterajex chancellors outpost
include_file: card vrataport failed capital
include_file: card omnibenevolent vessel
include_file: card omnipotent vessel
include_file: card omnipresent vessel
include_file: card omniscient vessel
include_file: card forest
include_file: card island
include_file: card plains
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card insect advisor
include_file: card intergenerational violence
include_file: card svakaratajex emissary
include_file: card policy scrutiniser
include_file: card god-worm bulwark
include_file: card ithian eulogist
include_file: card lightnings protection
include_file: card herd mentality
include_file: card memorial service
include_file: card found family
include_file: card pass regulation
include_file: card gatrix vaults
include_file: card qualia hermitform
include_file: card saviour of the disfigured
include_file: card essence surgeon
include_file: card old guard interrogator
include_file: card umweltenshifter
include_file: card sensations overwhelming
include_file: card percivals chosen
include_file: card injector evangelist
include_file: card jobseekers allowance
include_file: card seanced politician
include_file: card hired bouncer
include_file: card mental sewage
include_file: card traffic warden
include_file: card urdonic attendant
include_file: card unburdent matriarch
include_file: card motel manager
include_file: card cunning qualiaform
include_file: card dragon soldier
include_file: card melting pot
include_file: card host farm babysitter
include_file: card hazenwyld revelward
include_file: card accommodation
include_file: card relentless firefighter
include_file: card inclusivity consultant
include_file: card trueblight blessing
include_file: card waste management
include_file: card shred
include_file: card spread his formula
include_file: card vanaja of black sunday
include_file: card erysian designs
include_file: card eusocial signal
include_file: card mask identity
include_file: card the urveil
include_file: card herongrand transcended
include_file: card lyyrata progeny of erys
include_file: card prithites worldly dicta
include_file: card triaja astral apostate
include_file: card akaaja steel commander
include_file: card clutch divinity
include_file: card split ego
include_file: card renewed servitude
include_file: card witness totality
include_file: card original position
include_file: card eyysapha syakir in exile
include_file: card hazenwyld totem
include_file: card heavy tutelage
include_file: card echo eternity
include_file: card erys salvation
include_file: card breathe gravity
include_file: card ingest infinity
include_file: card lukka godbonder
include_file: card defiant roar
include_file: card trounce
include_file: card high school
include_file: card therian whispers
include_file: card thawion shield of ur
include_file: card unfair birth
include_file: card self-jailing sire
include_file: card channel the call
include_file: card urdonsonder
include_file: card frail vassal
include_file: card novablasts worldview
include_file: card erys worldview
include_file: card hazenwylds worldview
include_file: card thawions worldview
include_file: card lukkas worldview
include_file: card infested fortress
include_file: card suppressive fire
include_file: card minister of welfare
include_file: card abiogenesis
include_file: card sapience spreading
include_file: card besotted courtier
include_file: card omnificient vessel
include_file: card gentrification
include_file: card access tunnel
include_file: card siege of percitha
include_file: card frail friendship
include_file: card karaja heroic trueblight
include_file: card ithian highblood
include_file: card mass migration
include_file: card ineffable spawning
include_file: card atraja the mutable
include_file: card ruthless revenge
include_file: card aetherbeast scholar
include_file: card identity connoisseur
include_file: card ixajas stalwart
include_file: card injector lobbyist
include_file: card embraced cards
include_file: card recruit
include_file: card treasure
include_file: card human
include_file: card incarnation
include_file: card hex citizen
include_file: card werewolf citizen
include_file: card incarnation soldier
include_file: card soldier
include_file: card sustain worldbalance
include_file: card decay
include_file: card kasta of infinite sires
include_file: card steal the ur-gift
include_file: card lunette imperial strategist
include_file: card detritus dredger
include_file: card glimpse of equality
include_file: card algaja lord of disregard
include_file: card disaster responder
include_file: card hyyiroe revolutions steed
include_file: card erys memoirs
include_file: card empathystorm
include_file: card king platinum sarajii
include_file: card old guard blackrod
include_file: card unextinct cavern
include_file: card submerged spires
include_file: card denizen of newakella
include_file: card gigant nestcrafter
include_file: card homestead of the meek
include_file: card house
include_file: card dragon
include_file: card in lukkas thrall
include_file: card argent court enraged
include_file: card condemned buildling
include_file: card exalted extrusion
include_file: card lightning sarajii
include_file: card sired poultry
include_file: card gristle fierce vassal
include_file: card novablast blade of ur
include_file: card prithitian justiciar
include_file: card stellar spymasters
include_file: card prithites summons
include_file: card prithite grand orator
include_file: card exposed ridge
include_file: card exposed city
include_file: card exposed graves
include_file: card exposed hinterland
include_file: card exposed coast
include_file: card prithites palace lost
include_file: card thoughtlichs backup
include_file: card ilx mothweft ambassador
include_file: card pillar of worldbalance
include_file: card assert territory
include_file: card condemn the ungrateful
include_file: card envoy of the accord
include_file: card untie the moral knot
include_file: card lukkas ascension
include_file: card platinums spymaster
include_file: card reject the stars
include_file: card grocery shopper
include_file: card swiftpaw striker
include_file: card tranquil marketplace
include_file: card omnipotence
include_file: card death drive
include_file: card separation of worlds
include_file: card callwolf replica
include_file: card endless vassals
include_file: card thoughtglass shaper
keyword:
	keyword: Galvanise
	match: galvanise
	reminder: It becomes a 0/0 creature until end of turn.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Embrace
	match: Embrace
	reminder: Exile it. You may cast it on a later turn that a YOUFUCKEDUP you control dealt damage to an opponent.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Transcend
	match: Transcend <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: At the beginning of combat, cast your chosen Erysite from outside the game by paying its Transcend cost and exiling a Dragon creature you control.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: unbias
	match: liberate
	reminder: Exile it if it isn’t a Dragon. If it’s exiled, its controller creates a colorless 3/2 Dragon creature token with its abilities.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Withdraw
	match: Withdraw <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: If you cast this for its withdraw cost, it’s tribal instead of a creature.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Umweltenshift
	match: Bisapience
	reminder: Cast either half of this card. Pay bisapience once each turn as a sorcery to transform for that turn.
	rules: saWhile on the battlefield or the hand, you can cast this card as this face.
	mode: custom
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
