mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered-plus
stylesheet_version: 2020-09-04
set_info:
	title: The Wonderlands’ Wishes
	description: !designer Wende
	set_code: WAW
	symbol: symbol1.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
	use_gradient_multicolor: yes
styling:
	magic-m15-altered:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered-plus:
		chop_top: 5
		chop_bottom: 5
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		frames: 
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-textless-land:
		overlay: 
include_file: card a beloved world
include_file: card alpine borderholt
include_file: card aurora-lit valley
include_file: card bottom of the deepmists
include_file: card branching grotto
include_file: card citadel chapel
include_file: card citadel observatory
include_file: card underholt gateway
include_file: card dragon token
include_file: card forest
include_file: card island
include_file: card megaflora floodplain
include_file: card memory of home
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card new tensuo colony
include_file: card opulent labyrinth
include_file: card plains
include_file: card promising hillside
include_file: card promising lagoon
include_file: card promising plume
include_file: card promising ruin
include_file: card promising thicket
include_file: card skyview zenith
include_file: card spirit token
include_file: card splinter of ilcae
include_file: card starsea nadir
include_file: card stonewrought hall
include_file: card story of a dead plane
include_file: card surreal highlands
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card the citadel
include_file: card the deepmists
include_file: card the heart of ischav
include_file: card the holt
include_file: card the skyview
include_file: card the starsea
include_file: card wanderers shrine
include_file: card wonder archon token
include_file: card ambling myceliad
include_file: card ancient viewdrifter
include_file: card arrival of the wonderlands
include_file: card chitterbit
include_file: card cryptic columns
include_file: card curious courier
include_file: card dhere preserver of memories
include_file: card dissolution specimen
include_file: card drifting opportunist
include_file: card escalate to violence
include_file: card heat of potential
include_file: card holt sleeper
include_file: card insight beyond the clouds
include_file: card larissi wonder weaver
include_file: card lost in the horizon
include_file: card mesmerize
include_file: card new tensuo luminary
include_file: card new tensuo luminary.1
include_file: card prismatic armor
include_file: card pyretic desire
include_file: card scrappy wisp-speaker
include_file: card shapes in the pools
include_file: card smug upstart
include_file: card stare at the stars
include_file: card starstruck skitter
include_file: card subsume
include_file: card treacherous guide
include_file: card weaving reality in a tapestry
include_file: card windwish pests
include_file: card wish for separation
include_file: card worldsoul wanderer
include_file: card abrasive trailblazer
include_file: card ageless wayfarer
include_file: card alpine poolseeker
include_file: card blossoming comprehension
include_file: card blossoming dissenter
include_file: card calculated risk
include_file: card collector of the wonderful
include_file: card condensed memory
include_file: card corrupted wish
include_file: card deepmist bandit
include_file: card deepmists vindicator
include_file: card exhaust desire
include_file: card feral prelwort
include_file: card giatela tensu emissary
include_file: card ilcan keyseeker
include_file: card ilcan resilience
include_file: card into the rootways
include_file: card lakebed wrudge
include_file: card lakebed wrudge.1
include_file: card liberators of the soul
include_file: card lifelighter
include_file: card memory lane
include_file: card new tensuo spy
include_file: card olse steward of ilcaes ember
include_file: card outclass
include_file: card overeager researcher
include_file: card playful skulk
include_file: card pull of the unknown
include_file: card rapturous joy
include_file: card rootway delver
include_file: card rotting structure
include_file: card secrets of the citadel
include_file: card silent reposid
include_file: card spectral blade
include_file: card starsea diver
include_file: card supercharged shockodile
include_file: card tactical diversion
include_file: card tall-tale salesman
include_file: card thriving sornidol
include_file: card ultimate price
include_file: card unbound troubador
include_file: card wish for peace
include_file: card amarell new tensuo elder
include_file: card antlerweaver
include_file: card anything and everything
include_file: card beast token
include_file: card blinding majesty
include_file: card blossoming conscience
include_file: card brazen confidence
include_file: card citadel outburst
include_file: card citadel penitent
include_file: card citadel repository
include_file: card cloudeater drake
include_file: card copy
include_file: card crafty cutthroat
include_file: card declivity
include_file: card demon token
include_file: card earthen curiosity
include_file: card epitaph hermit
include_file: card etchings on the citadel walls
include_file: card eteres chronicler
include_file: card existence flutter
include_file: card flameweaver maverick
include_file: card flowering germinus
include_file: card gilded ancient
include_file: card grifters ambush
include_file: card ilcan avenger
include_file: card ilcan entrancer
include_file: card ilcan keyseeker.1
include_file: card ilcan resolution
include_file: card irresistible calling
include_file: card kindly skywinder
include_file: card manuela the known
include_file: card mental unmooring
include_file: card mossdrudge ambusher
include_file: card music of the deepholt
include_file: card music of the deepholt.1
include_file: card new tensuo clergy
include_file: card new tensuo clergy.1
include_file: card new tensuo vanguard
include_file: card out of options
include_file: card pain of death
include_file: card playful chiaykyaich
include_file: card powers promise
include_file: card remain steady
include_file: card retreat to the borderholt
include_file: card ritz queen of thieves
include_file: card rogues gallery
include_file: card searing dream
include_file: card seeker of the pools
include_file: card skredhound
include_file: card spacewind aurora
include_file: card spinning of the stars
include_file: card suggestible mark
include_file: card swirling smokewalker
include_file: card the deepmist record
include_file: card the gateway pictographs
include_file: card the shimmering sky
include_file: card tranquil cloudray
include_file: card wave of wisps
include_file: card wish for discord
include_file: card wishtouched outcast
include_file: card wonder road
include_file: card wonder token
include_file: card worldsoul phoenix
include_file: card worldsoul song
include_file: card worldsouls sorrow
include_file: card aechmi ilcan innovator
include_file: card ageless harbinger
include_file: card alpine salvager
include_file: card borderholt herdcaller
include_file: card broken tranquility
include_file: card chance-in-hell
include_file: card clever willweaver
include_file: card cloudeater drake.1
include_file: card conceptual digestion
include_file: card contemplative pause
include_file: card cutthroat obsession
include_file: card deepholt encounter
include_file: card effigy of dead homes
include_file: card endless enigma
include_file: card flowering germinus.1
include_file: card forgotten worlds love
include_file: card ilcan ghostbound
include_file: card ilcan loyalist
include_file: card incandescent spite
include_file: card khiare last of the lost
include_file: card kindly skywinder.1
include_file: card new tensuo orator
include_file: card new tensuo pathlayer
include_file: card new worlds new friends
include_file: card norr ajhas lieutenant
include_file: card numberless procession
include_file: card overwhelming force
include_file: card painful memory
include_file: card pensive swordmaster
include_file: card redefinition
include_file: card redefinition.1
include_file: card rootway toll-taker
include_file: card silent memoriam
include_file: card skyscrape
include_file: card stardust haze
include_file: card stardust haze.1
include_file: card sunset study
include_file: card tenuous partners
include_file: card the borderholt obelisks
include_file: card the citadels geometry
include_file: card thing in the birches
include_file: card warpwyrm
include_file: card wish for family
include_file: card wish for fury
include_file: card wish for safety
include_file: card wizened trundler
include_file: card a promise
include_file: card aechmis creativity
include_file: card aether spring
include_file: card ageless caretaker
include_file: card ageless caretaker.1
include_file: card cackling thunderbeast
include_file: card cathexis soul aspect
include_file: card curious observer
include_file: card destructive desire
include_file: card elder beasts approach
include_file: card elusive harbinger
include_file: card enlightenment iterator
include_file: card eteres planar analyst
include_file: card excess of potential
include_file: card faceless watchtower
include_file: card font of boons
include_file: card give out
include_file: card glorious moment
include_file: card ilcan soulshear
include_file: card ilcan stalwart
include_file: card immensity
include_file: card leyseeker
include_file: card limitless manadrinker
include_file: card merciless axon
include_file: card migratory bloom
include_file: card miraculous strength
include_file: card myriad reflections
include_file: card new tensuo collaborator
include_file: card new tensuo physician
include_file: card new tensuo physician.1
include_file: card new tensuo vanguard.1
include_file: card perceptual distortion
include_file: card placid sunbask
include_file: card planar geometer
include_file: card skyview visitor
include_file: card starsea slayer
include_file: card starseeker deva
include_file: card territorial wanderer
include_file: card the deepmist structures
include_file: card vivid revivification
include_file: card vrep
include_file: card vrep.1
include_file: card wish for death
include_file: card wish for destruction
include_file: card wish for relief
include_file: card wish for revenge
include_file: card wish for wealth
include_file: card ajha the wish for home
include_file: card citadel amnoctix
include_file: card fascinated immortal
include_file: card gilded ancient.1
include_file: card ilcan szcygite
include_file: card new tensuo calmkeeper
include_file: card polymorphic wispweaver
include_file: card skyview chronomancer
include_file: card starsea bloomqueen
include_file: card wish for authority
include_file: card wish for eternity
include_file: card wish for strength
include_file: card wish for transformation
include_file: card paradel prism
include_file: card planar resurrection
include_file: card wish for power
include_file: card worldsoul ambassador
include_file: card sailing the starsea
include_file: card starsea leviathan
include_file: card stymied purpose
include_file: card starshine wisp
keyword:
	keyword: pursue Wonder
	match: pursue Wonder
	reminder: Reveal a basic land or Wonder card you own from your sanctum and put it into your hand.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Ploy
	match: Ploy
	reminder: When {this_or_that("creature")} attacks, you may trigger its ploy. If you do, sacrifice it at the next end step.
	rules: 
	mode: expert
keyword:
	keyword: Reflect
	match: reflect <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: {param1}: Create a token copy of this creature, except it’s a 1/1 Wonder {separate_words(spacer: " ", card.sub_type)} without reflect. Reflect only as a sorcery, and only once.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Impetus
	match: impetus <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: You may cast this from your graveyard as a sorcery with only the text in square brackets for {param1}. Then exile it.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
