mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered
stylesheet_version: 2024-09-23
set_info:
	title: Fires of Hwel
	description: !designer Panders
	artist: Redpandersbear
	set_code: HEL
	symbol: symbol2.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
styling:
	magic-m15:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered:
		chop_top: 7
		chop_bottom: 7
		other_options: auto nyx crowns
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		inverted_common_symbol: yes
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-extra:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small-extra-m15.mse-symbol-font
		pt_box_symbols: magic-pt-symbols-extra.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		shift_loyalty_costs: 
		other_options: un-indent nonloyalty abilities
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		center_text: never
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		frames: M20
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-nonbasic-lands:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-planeswalker:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		center_text: never
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-promo-dka-miracle:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-saga:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-split-fuse:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-tall-tokens:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-tapped: text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
	magic-m15-textless:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-textless-land:
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token-clear:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token-legendary:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
include_file: card radiant chains
include_file: card dutybound lich
include_file: card crypt defenders
include_file: card kinnamons stitched
include_file: card duskrider cavalry
include_file: card smoke whisperer
include_file: card faithful gaze
include_file: card welcoming touch
include_file: card skyclaws
include_file: card upholder of rites
include_file: card return the forsaken
include_file: card hungering sentinel
include_file: card tranquil repose
include_file: card doubling imp
include_file: card orbisfabers hellspawn
include_file: card secret dealings
include_file: card warping whisper
include_file: card bloodied stalker
include_file: card gigas screamer
include_file: card drag under
include_file: card fractured epiphany
include_file: card last sip
include_file: card osavotuss pet
include_file: card gloom fracture
include_file: card ends embrace
include_file: card puppet weaver
include_file: card return for duty
include_file: card wandering lich
include_file: card repurposed bloodrinker
include_file: card bloodied corpse
include_file: card phylactery crafter
include_file: card bloodthirsty dragon
include_file: card skeletonfy
include_file: card moon renegade
include_file: card deathless ceremony
include_file: card embodiment of hell
include_file: card through the skull
include_file: card sign in blood
include_file: card zeramanders spawn
include_file: card magma spray
include_file: card burst forth
include_file: card bloodclot traveler
include_file: card aloof ichormancer
include_file: card salvaged legionnaire
include_file: card vampire hemoblade
include_file: card burning walker
include_file: card reduce to embers
include_file: card unshackled desire
include_file: card nightmare webbing
include_file: card aggressive foraging
include_file: card skittering skullsifter
include_file: card predators gaze
include_file: card invigorating essence
include_file: card quarter crasher
include_file: card decomposing guardian
include_file: card disturb the undergrowth
include_file: card smeltingtree
include_file: card bloodied overgrowth
include_file: card bone collector
include_file: card bloodroot demon
include_file: card lichs assembly
include_file: card capricious count
include_file: card fabers hatching
include_file: card craftiness of the meek
include_file: card fides bloodied confidant
include_file: card repulsive blast
include_file: card forlorn scouring
include_file: card mad summoner
include_file: card orbisfabers corruption
include_file: card misleading mist
include_file: card secure mortality
include_file: card skullspeaker
include_file: card shamble en masse
include_file: card aged warmage
include_file: card demonic influence
include_file: card whispering walls
include_file: card hellfire ant
include_file: card culling demon
include_file: card ichorous tyrant
include_file: card cryptborn bones
include_file: card eternal slayer
include_file: card rambunctious bonewalkers
include_file: card zeramanders infiltrator
include_file: card unflinching bloodlust
include_file: card repulsive drake
include_file: card composting hellion
include_file: card stranded hatchling
include_file: card eafems brood
include_file: card disembodied lich
include_file: card widespread cataclysm
include_file: card fling through hell
include_file: card overwhelming consumption
include_file: card smoldering tormentor
include_file: card davriels dealbroker
include_file: card demonlord silfidiae
include_file: card bonemarrow hydra
include_file: card cryptkeepers vow
include_file: card tenacious legion
include_file: card watchdog liches
include_file: card bones to flesh
include_file: card hibernating dragon
include_file: card march from beyond
include_file: card demonic vortex
include_file: card cerebral devilfish
include_file: card rattlers crusade
include_file: card calcinere world burner
include_file: card invigorating corpsemancer
include_file: card viscera blast
include_file: card cliff-pit hanger
include_file: card aggravator of herds
include_file: card savage snapper
include_file: card crackshot skeleton
include_file: card gaping skimmer
include_file: card rattletroop
include_file: card begin again
include_file: card fabricated phylactery
include_file: card thicket taker
include_file: card twisted underling
include_file: card retributive hellknight
include_file: card unhinged giant
include_file: card skittering hellflayer
include_file: card crypt vessel
include_file: card infected wolf
include_file: card adapted servant
include_file: card broken shortsword
include_file: card dreaded savior
include_file: card saintly remains
include_file: card blood petunia
include_file: card maddening descent
include_file: card spitting hellfire
include_file: card grafted boneshatterer
include_file: card inflaming smite
include_file: card provoking the masses
include_file: card immortal oath
include_file: card crashing murmurer
include_file: card frenzied predation
include_file: card marsh grower
include_file: card legion bonecracker
include_file: card malicious mimicry
include_file: card vengeful grovekeeper
include_file: card tanglemess hydra
include_file: card unholy communion
include_file: card infusing ritual
include_file: card thought scour
include_file: card schefelix abyssal retriever
include_file: card crumbling monstrosity
include_file: card twisted guardian
include_file: card mirumea ambush master
include_file: card davriel the pactmaker
include_file: card overgrowing burial
include_file: card submerging grotto
include_file: card tunneling hideaway
include_file: card slumbering lavafields
include_file: card striking waterfalls
include_file: card winding quagmire
include_file: card despairing marsh
include_file: card rotting mineshaft
include_file: card receding coastline
include_file: card forest
include_file: card zombie
include_file: card merfolk horror
include_file: card skeleton
include_file: card spider
include_file: card castle saluss catacombs
include_file: card hellemental
include_file: card silfidiaes influence
include_file: card kinnamons influence
include_file: card morideuss influence
include_file: card skeleton hydra
include_file: card undue death devourer
include_file: card skeleton horse
include_file: card imposing asylum
include_file: card agonizing pit
include_file: card impending return
include_file: card hallowed mist
include_file: card rescede coffen of kings
include_file: card fiendish scheming
include_file: card abyssal captain
include_file: card ashen watcher
include_file: card assume power
include_file: card awoken pariah
include_file: card blood heron
include_file: card bloodied lieutenant
include_file: card blessing of blood and steel
include_file: card bloodguard of salus
include_file: card bloodlord kinnamon
include_file: card vampire soldier
include_file: card donum-dei lake of blood
include_file: card deeptomb guardian
include_file: card desperate sealing
include_file: card ignosco deaths absolution
include_file: card processing revenant
include_file: card return from ash
include_file: card sorin vengeful sangrablade
include_file: card soul devouring core
include_file: card bloodmoon champion
include_file: card callous willbreaker
include_file: card corrupted nightwing
include_file: card creeping frost
include_file: card deceptive shadow
include_file: card demonlord orbisfaber
include_file: card fervens the boiling lake
include_file: card ghastly tide
include_file: card hellish mistwarper
include_file: card icicle crasher
include_file: card orbisfabers influence
include_file: card osavotus contract dealer
include_file: card rotting leviathan
include_file: card shadowbender lich
include_file: card lurking mistwalker
include_file: card tundra screecher
include_file: card unidentifiable mass
include_file: card abyssal smoke
include_file: card bloodsoaked mass
include_file: card bloodstarved ghoul
include_file: card chaining hellspawn
include_file: card demonic butcher
include_file: card demonlord morideus
include_file: card husked consumer
include_file: card ichorsplosion
include_file: card resilient rot
include_file: card rotten insight
include_file: card scouring flames
include_file: card ashen crasher
include_file: card bemused gorger
include_file: card blazing raid
include_file: card bloodbag slaughterer
include_file: card bloodthirsty howler
include_file: card bone brigade
include_file: card demonlord zeramander
include_file: card dwellers hound
include_file: card hateful amalgam
include_file: card ignition devil
include_file: card ransack the tombs
include_file: card skittering demon
include_file: card twisted eruption
include_file: card zeramanders influence
include_file: card eafem lethal arachne
include_file: card explosive might
include_file: card ferocious maneater
include_file: card from beneath the woods
include_file: card gnarled hydra
include_file: card gnarledroot demon
include_file: card harvesting revenant
include_file: card midnight stalker
include_file: card overwhelming presence
include_file: card rattling gorger
include_file: card skittering host
include_file: card skullcrushing fiend
include_file: card splintering growth
include_file: card valley lurker
include_file: card vicaroam the crushing vines
include_file: card anord maddening lich
include_file: card deerstalker
include_file: card galvanized necrowing
include_file: card intruding undergrowth
include_file: card monstrous invocation
include_file: card remains of despair
include_file: card thickets ghostcaller
include_file: card foreboding milestone
include_file: card servant of laceration
include_file: card collapsing citadel
include_file: card cresting spires
include_file: card drained crevace
include_file: card fields of bone
include_file: card imposing clearing
include_file: card island
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card mysterious altar
include_file: card perpetual depths
include_file: card plains
include_file: card shrine of unburial
include_file: card sparse weblands
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card sweltering shoals
include_file: card thread the undergrowth
keyword:
	keyword: Ritual
	match: Ritual
	reminder: At the beginning of your upkeep, put a ritual counter on target creature you control. Then, sacrifice creatures you control with two or more ritual counters on them.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Fights
	match: fights
	reminder: Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Unrelenting
	match: Unrelenting
	reminder: When this creature dies, if it wasn’t a token, you may discard a card to create a token that’s a copy of it with haste.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Ward
	match: Ward <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays {param1}.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Pact
	match: Pact
	reminder: At the beginning of your end step, put a pact counter on a creature you control if you haven’t this turn, then sacrifice it if it has three or more.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
pack_type:
	name: custom pack
	enabled: true
	selectable: true
	summary: false
	select: all
	item:
		name: random
		amount: 15
		weight: 1
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
